README.md, before:

# nodejs-starter

This is a sample starter project that provides you with a basic Express app and a sample test in a `/test` sub directory. This sample project uses `Express v4.18.x` and enables health checking and application metrics out of the box. You can override or enhance the following endpoints by configuring your own health checks in your application.

## Health checking

Health-checking enables the cloud platform to determine the `readiness` and `liveness` of your application.

These endpoints will be available for you to use:

- Readiness endpoint: http://localhost:3000/ready
- Liveness endpoint: http://localhost:3000/live

## Application metrics

The [prom-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/prom-client) module will collect a wide range of resource-centric (CPU, memory) and application-centric (HTTP request responsiveness) metrics from your application, and then expose them as multi-dimensional time-series data through an application endpoint for Prometheus to scrape and aggregate.

This endpoint will be available for you to use:

- Metrics endpoint: http://localhost:3000/metrics

## Dockerfile

For constructing node_modules in the first build stage of Dockerfile, we use `npm ci` to avoid file permissions error. For npm versions greater than 6, `npm install` opens `package-lock.json` in write mode, which is restricted to read mode by ubi images and as a result, node_modules construction ends up with a file permissions error.

## License

This stack is licensed under the [EPL 2.0](./LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

HACDOCS-465: Update README for Node.js code sample (#35)

README.md, after:

# Creating an application with a Node.js code sample

**Note:** The Node.js code sample uses the **8081** HTTP port.

Before you begin creating an application with this `devfile` code sample, it's helpful to understand the relationship between the `devfile` and `Dockerfile` and how they contribute to your build. You can find these files at the following URLs:

* [Node.js `devfile.yaml`](https://github.com/nodeshift-starters/devfile-sample/blob/main/devfile.yaml)
* [Node.js `Dockerfile`](https://github.com/nodeshift-starters/devfile-sample/blob/main/Dockerfile)

1. The `devfile.yaml` file has an [`image-build` component](https://github.com/nodeshift-starters/devfile-sample/blob/main/devfile.yaml#LL18C2-L24C28) that points to your `Dockerfile`.
2. The [`docker/Dockerfile`](https://github.com/nodeshift-starters/devfile-sample/blob/main/Dockerfile) contains the instructions you need to build the code sample as a container image.
3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/nodeshift-starters/devfile-sample/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L25-L38) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.
4. The `devfile.yaml` [`deploy` command](https://github.com/nodeshift-starters/devfile-sample/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L40-L53) completes the [outerloop](https://devfile.io/docs/2.2.0/innerloop-vs-outerloop) deployment phase by pointing to the `image-build` and `kubernetes-deploy` components to create your application.

## License

This stack is licensed under the [EPL 2.0](./LICENSE) license.

### Additional resources
* For more information about Node.js, see [How do I start with Node.js after I installed it?](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/getting-started-guide).
* For more information about devfiles, see [Devfile.io](https://devfile.io/).
* For more information about Dockerfiles, see [Dockerfile reference](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/).
